Windows Buffer Overflows
In this module, we will demonstrate how to
discover and exploit a vulnerability
in the SyncBreeze application.
Although we are examining a known
vulnerability,
we will walk through the steps required to
“discover it”
and will not rely on previous research
for this application.
This will essentially replicate the
process of discovering and exploiting
a remote buffer overflow.
This process requires several steps.
First, we must discover a vulnerability in
the code without access to the source.
Then, we have to craft our input in
such a way
that grants us control of critical
CPU registers.
Finally, we need to manipulate memory to
gain reliable remote code execution.